NUT-08: Dynamic amount of tokens for change (#5)
cashubtc/nuts: 08.md

## Description

> Before requesting a Lightning payment as described in [NUT-05][05], `Alice` produces a number of `BlindedMessage` which are similar to ordinary blinded messages but their value is yet to be determined by the mint `Bob` and are thus called *blank outputs*. The amount of blinded outputs is `ceil(log2(fee_reserve))`, which ensures that any amount <= the fee reserve can be returned back by the mint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before requesting a Lightning payment as described in [NUT-05][05], `Alice` produces a number of `BlindedMessage` which are similar to ordinary blinded messages but their value is yet to be determined by the mint `Bob` and are thus called *blank outputs*. The number of necessary blank outputs is `ceil(log2(fee_reserve))` which ensures that any overpaid fees can be represented and be returned by the mint to the wallet.
```

## Example

> The wallet wants to pay an invoice with `amount := 100 000 sats` and determines by asking the mint that `fee_reseve` is `1000 sats`. The wallet then provides `101 000 sats` worth of proofs and 10 blank `outputs` to make the payment. The mint pays the invoice and determines that the actual fee was `100 sat`, i.e, the overpaid fee to return is `fee_return = 900 sats`. The mint splits the amount `900` into summands of `2^n` which is `4, 128, 256, 512`. The mint inserts these amounts into the blank `outputs` it received form the wallet and generates 4 new promises. The mint then returns these `BlindedSignature`'s to the wallet together with the successful payment status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wallet wants to pay an invoice with `amount := 100 000 sats` and determines by asking the mint that `fee_reseve` is `1000 sats`. The wallet then provides `101 000 sats` worth of proofs and 10 blank `outputs` to make the payment (since log2(1000)=0.97...). The mint pays the invoice and determines that the actual fee was `100 sat`, i.e, the overpaid fee to return is `fee_return = 900 sats`. The mint splits the amount `900` into summands of `2^n` which is `4, 128, 256, 512`. The mint inserts these amounts into the blank `outputs` it received form the wallet and generates 4 new promises. The mint then returns these `BlindedSignature`'s to the wallet together with the successful payment status.
```

Here we describe how the mint generates `BlindedSignature`'s for the overpaid fees. The mint `Bob` returns in `PostMeltResponse` the field `change` **ONLY IF** `Alice` has previously provided `outputs` for the change **AND** if the Lightning `actual_fees` were smaller than the `fee_reserve`.

If the `overpaid_fees = fee_reserve - actual_fees` is positive, `Bob` decomposes it to values of `2^n` (as in [NUT-00][00]) and then imprints them into the `blank_outputs` provided by `Alice`. 

> `Bob` then signs these blank outputs (now with the imprinted amounts) and thus generates `BlindedSignature`'s. `Bob` then returns a payment status to the wallet, and, in addition, the up to `n_blank_outputs` blinded signatures it generated for the overpaid fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Bob` then signs these blank outputs (now with the imprinted amounts) and thus generates `BlindedSignature`'s. `Bob` then returns a payment status to the wallet, and, in addition, all blind signatures it generated for the overpaid fees.

Importantly, while `Bob` does not necessarily return the same number of blind signatures as it received blank outputs from `Alice` (since some of them may be of value 0), `Bob` **must** return the all blank signatures with a value greater than 0 in the same order as the blank outputs were received and should omit all blind signatures with value 0. For example, if `Bob` receives 10 blank outputs but the overpaid fees only occupy 4 blind signatures, `Bob` will only return these 4 blind signatures with the appropriate imprinted amounts and omit the remaining 6 blind signatures with value 0. Due to the well-defined order of the returned blind signatures, `Alice` has can map the the blind signatures returned from `Bob` to the blank outputs it provided so that she can further apply the correct unblinding operations on them.
```
